This supreme black card is limited to 10 pieces worldwide.
There is no upper limit on the amount.
How can you have
Who are you?
So much nonsense
Until I was extraordinary
Hurry up and settle the payment.
I'm chasing you
Supreme Black Card
Is he really a big shot?
The payment has been settled.
This is the project document.
It's yours now.
Please sign the contract
Don't worry, wife.
You can only be my wife for the rest of your life
Great
Xiao Xiao, I want you to listen to me and listen to the adults
This person is my business card
I don't like to cherish what you do.
Joe? I don't know what you mean.
I want to know what all my stuff is
Young master, young master, take the project back
Master, you are so impulsive tonight
Two billion dollars.
Let's summarize the overall budget
That black gold card was mine
I spend my own money
Is there a problem?
It's ok.
I don't know if it will end or not
Mom leaving home is irrelevant
My engagement with Lam Wai Ting charges